William Henry Fears - Concerns
William Henry Fears was present at Charlottesville. Fears pleaded guilty (as part of a plea deal) to assault on a family member and impeding breathing, in Harris County, Texas. Fears claims innocence. Fears attended the “Unite the Right” rally in Charlottesville, Virginia, in August 2017. A video from Unite the Right shows Fears yelling: “Shoot! Fire the first shot in the race war.” Vice News wrote that Fears carried a flag representing the Texas chapter of Vanguard America.
https://inmate.tdcj.texas.gov/InmateSearch/viewDetail.action?sid=08033701


Jeffery Conroy - Concerns
When Jeffrey Conroy, of Patchogue, Long Island was convicted of  manslaughter as a hate crime and gang assault and three other attempted assault charges.  He stabbed an Ecuadorian immigrant to death on a train platform.  He regrets his actions. He is serving twenty five years in NY State.
bday Jan 18, 1991
http://nysdoccslookup.doccs.ny.gov/GCA00P00/WIQ1/WINQ000


James Harris Jackson - Concerns
James Harris Jackson, A Baltimore native, was sentenced for the killing of a homeless Black Man in New York.  After his service in Afghanistan James returned home with an honorable discharge.  Over time he became upset with interracial couples, specifically White women with Black men.  In March of 2017 James headed to New York with a Roman short sword hidden on his person and ended up killing Timothy Caughman. He is convicted of a hate crime.
He is serving a life sentence in the New York prison system.
bday 05/26/1988  
https://nysdoccslookup.doccs.ny.gov/
19A0637


Richard Joseph Scutari - Concerns
Richard J. Scutari is a Navy veteran from Florida and was a member of the Bruder Schweigen, a White revolutionary militia known for its declaration of war against the United States government and it's objective of establishing a White homeland in the Pacific Northwest. He is one of the last remaining political prisoners of the old guard expected to be released in 2025 after serving a 60 year sentence under the RICO Act for the robbery of an armored truck.  He is currently incarcerated at FCI Mendota in CA.
34840-080


Brandon Troy Higgs - Concerns
Brandon Troy Higgs is charged with two counts each of attempted murder and first-degree assault and related firearms charges. Higgs is also accused of attacking two men because of their race, a hate crime in Maryland.  On Dec. 20, 2018 Mr. Higgs dog walked across some freshly laid concrete.  There was an altercation between Mr. Higgs and two Black workmen.  Mr Higgs ultimately produced a firearm and in the struggle one of the workmen was shot in the leg.  Mr. Higgs has claimed self defense in the shooting. Leaked chat logs indicate ties to several White Nationalist organizations.  He was found guilty on Jan. 28, 2020 after a three day trial and a three hour jury deliberation.  He has been sentenced to 25 years and we will update when we learn where he will serve his sentence...
https://www.msn.com/en-us/news/crime/baltimore-county-man-sentenced-to-25-years-for-2018-hate-crime-shooting-of-black-man/ar-BB19opsm
https://dpscs.maryland.gov/services/inmate-locator.shtml
bday03/07/1994
Contact Rebecca Morris,Mother,443-289-4109


Dennis William Mahon - Concerns
Dennis William Mahon, 69, was born in Illinois.  He got involved with White nationalist causes in the 1970's and joined the Ku Klux Klan.  In 1988 he and his brother left to form the Missouri White Knights of the Ku Klux Klan in the Kansas City area.  The next year in Northmoor, Missouri, he ran for Alderman on a platform of keeping the community White which he ultimately lost.
In 1991 Mahon journeyed to multiple German cities to recruit for the Klan.  He led a cross burning in an area Southeast of Berlin.  A couple years later in the early 90's Mahon became affiliated with Tom Metzger's White Aryan Resistance in Tulsa Oklahoma as he felt the Klan had become to infiltrated and moderate.
After a 2004 bombing at the Scottsdale Office of Diversity and Dialogue Mahon quickly became a suspect and was the subject of a five year investigation by the FBI.  He was arrested in 2009 based on information from an informant and sentenced to forty years in prison.
bday August 29, 1950
30289-424



John T. Earnest - Concerns
John T. Earnest, 19, of California is accused of being the Poway Synogogue shooter. John is described as an academic overacheiver, a piano player and a nice guy.  After the shooting he surrendered himself to police and was arrested without incident.
https://inmatelocator.cdcr.ca.gov/Details.aspx?ID=BP9253
bday 1999-06-08


Russell Orlando Courtier - Concerns
Russell Orlando Courtier, 42, of Oregon was found guilty of guilty of murder, second-degree intimidation and hit-and-run driving.  Mr. Courtier had an altercation with 10 y/o Larnell Bruce Jr. and two of Mr. Larnell's friends after which Mr. Courtier ran down Mr. Bruce with his Jeep.  These facts are not in dispute, what is in dispute however is why they happened.  Though the media was desperate to provide Mr. Bruce the full Trayvon Martin rehabilitation it turns out he, like Mr. Martin has a lengthy rap sheet.  As TheZman notes...
Now, according to the media, the attack was a hate crime. Russell Orlando Courtier is a 40-year old white man and Larnell Bruce Jr. was a 19-year old black man, who is dutifully described by the media as a teenager. They want you to get the impression that he was an innocent 13-year old out riding his bike when he was viciously attacked by this white supremacist. Larnell Bruce Jr. is Emmett Till, another unfortunate black body destroyed by a society that was built on and continues to promote white supremacy.
In reality Larnell Bruce Jr. was a hyper-violent serial criminal, with 16 convictions, including one for beating a child with a skateboard. At just 19-years old, Larnell Bruce Jr. was well on his way to either life in a cage or the local cemetery.
During his trial Mr. Courtier in his defense suggested that he had been attacked by these hyper violent criminals but all the Legal system and the media seemed interested in were his tattoos from a White prison gang.  We weren't there (and we don't know) but this certainly looks like just one more example of the current anti-White double standard we all labor under today.
That’s how the lie machine works. The mass media contorts and manipulates events to fit into the narrative. The anti-white hate groups, like the ADL, then cherry pick their best work to include in their libel against white people. They are then invited by the media onto the various platforms to repeat their libel against white people. Other media platforms are assigned to cover these modern minstrel shows, so the lies go through the megaphones once more. Like an echo, the lie is repeated over and over and over.
This is highly orchestrated and coordinated propaganda by people who know exactly what they are doing. At the bottom of that news story is a video the news site put together. It has some clips of the family of the slain man talking about how much they miss the victim. There are images of the victim as a boy. The point of the video is to make you think the convicted man killed a innocent little child, rather than another hyper violent serial felon. Goebbels could not have imagined propaganda of this scale.
https://docpub.state.or.us/OOS/searchCriteria.jsf
12065508
bday 05/02/1978
Contact Debbi or Don,Family,503-267-7331























